README: Add extra run instructions for running without V in PATH (#7)
vlang/py2v: README.md

```bash
git clone https://github.com/vlang/py2v.git
cd py2v

> # only use next command if you don't have V on PATH
> ./v -prod json2v -o json2v/json2v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# only needed if you don't have V on PATH
<path to V> -prod json2v -o json2v/json2v
```
People that don't have V on path will most likely won't have it in the py2v folder.
